Create markdown pages for docs site (#43)
onflow/flow-js-testing: docs/send-transactions.md

---
title: Send Transactions
sidebar_title: Send Transactions
description: How to send transactions
---

> Another common case is necessity to mutate network state - sending tokens from one account to another, minting new
> NFT, etc. Framework provides `sendTransaction` method to achieve this. This method have 2 different signatures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another common case is interactions that mutate network state - sending tokens from one account to another, minting new NFT, etc. Framework provides `sendTransaction` method to achieve this. This method have 2 different signatures.
```
